fix (SRC)HEIGHT/(SRC)WIDTH parameters documentation (#6110)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/server_manual/services.rst

* **BBOX** the geographical area for which the legend should be built
* **CRS / SRS** the coordinate reference system adopted to define the
  BBOX coordinates

> * **SRCWIDTH / SRCHEIGHT** if set these should match those defined for the
>   GetMap request, to let QGIS Server scale symbols according to the

Reviewer: Just a text suggestion. Not addressing your question.
```suggestion
* **SRCWIDTH / SRCHEIGHT** if set these should match the WIDTH and HEIGHT parameters
  defined for the GetMap request, to let QGIS Server scale symbols according to the
```

since these ones do not exist in GetMap afaics?
